doc: Add documentation around contextvar (#1713)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/collections/_documentation/platforms/python/contextvars.md

**For Python 3.6 and older, install `aiocontextvars` from PyPI** which is a
fully-functional backport of `contextvars`. The SDK will check for this package
and use it instead of thread locals.

## Contextvars vs gevent/eventlet

If you are using `gevent` (older than 20.5) or `eventlet` in your application and
have configured it to monkeypatch the stdlib, the SDK will abstain from using
`contextvars` even if it is available.

The reason for that is that both of those libraries will monkeypatch the
`threading` module only, and not the `contextvars` module.

The real-world usecase where this actually comes up is if you're using Django
3.0 within a `gunicorn+gevent` worker on Python 3.7. In such a scenario the
monkeypatched `threading` module will honor the control flow of a gunicorn
worker while the unpatched `contextvars` will not.

It gets more complicated if you're using Django Channels in the same app, but a
separate server process, as this is a legitimate usage of `asyncio` for which
`contextvars` behaves more correctly. Make sure that your channels websocket
server does not import or use gevent at all (and much less call
`gevent.monkey.patch_all`), and you should be good.

> Even then there are still edgecases where this behavior is flat-out broken,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even then there are still edge cases where this behavior is flat-out broken,
```
